iteration_2.md, before:

# Iteration 2 Time Estimates

>  V1: Week / Chapter 1 
### Available Ideal Work Days
- 4 weeks with 1 work day per team member
- 5 team members
- Total: 5 x 1 x 4 = 20 

### Iteration Summary
> V1: Week / Chapter 1
#### User Stories:
- [Secure Online Payments](user_stories/secure_online_payments.md) (10) (4 Days) (Moved to iteration 2 from iteration 1 after velocity adjustments)
- [Viewing and Managing Appointments for Clients](user_stories/viewing_and_managing_appointments_for_clients.md) (20) (4 Days)
- [Accepting and Manging Bookings for Cleaners](user_stories/accepting_and_managing_bookings_for_cleaners.md) (20) (4 Days)
- [Notifications for Clients](user_stories/notifications_for_clients.md) (20) (1 Days)
- [Notifications for Cleaners](user_stories/notifications_for_cleaners.md) (20) (1 Days)
- [Reccuring Bookings](user_stories/recurring_bookings.md) (30) (1 Days)
- [Service Offerings](user_stories/service_offerings.md) (30) (4 Days) 
- Total: 19 Days

#### Updated Velocity Calculation:
- Velocity calculation formula:
- V2 = E1 / A1
- V2 = Velocity for iteration 2
- E1 = Estimated user story days pre-velocity in iteration 1
- A1 = Actual days to complete iteration 1
- V2 = 14 / 19
- V2 = 0.74

>V2: Week / Chapter 3
**Team Velocity:** 0.7 (Recommended velocity using the velocity calculation formula following a completed iteration)
#### User Stories (Adjusted for Velocity)
- [Secure Online Payments](user_stories/secure_online_payments.md) (10) (5 Days) (Moved to iteration 2 from iteration 1 after velocity adjustments)
- [Viewing and Managing Appointments for Clients](user_stories/viewing_and_managing_appointments_for_clients.md) (20) (5 Days)
- [Accepting and Manging Bookings for Cleaners](user_stories/accepting_and_managing_bookings_for_cleaners.md) (20) (5 Days)
- [Notifications for Clients](user_stories/notifications_for_clients.md) (20) (2 Days)
- [Notifications for Cleaners](user_stories/notifications_for_cleaners.md) (20) (2 Days)
> [!IMPORTANT]
> We realised towards the end of iteration 2 that we had missed incorporation the users location and address, which were very important. We created a new user story for these with a priority of 10 and estimation of 6 days. We are ahead on Iteration 2 and still have 6 days left so will slot it into the end of iteration 2, replacing recurring bookings. 
- [Address Collection and Location Flitering](user_stories/Address_Collection_and_Location_Filtering.md) (10) (6 Days)
> [!NOTE]
> The following user stories were initially in iteration 2 and remove when we made adjustments to the iteration for velocity and an unplanned, high priority user story. 
- ~[Reccuring Bookings](user_stories/recurring_bookings.md)~ (30) (1 Days)
- ~[Service Offerings](user_stories/service_offerings.md)~ (30) (4 Days) 
- Total: 20 Days  




---

Commit message:

Update iteration_2.md formatting, and fix velocity calculation

iteration_2.md, after:

# Iteration 2 Time Estimates

>  V1: Week / Chapter 1 
### Available Ideal Work Days
- 4 weeks with 1 work day per team member
- 5 team members
- Total: 5 x 1 x 4 = 20 

### Iteration Summary
> V1: Week / Chapter 1
#### User Stories:
- [Secure Online Payments](user_stories/secure_online_payments.md) (10) (4 Days) (Moved to iteration 2 from iteration 1 after velocity adjustments)
- [Viewing and Managing Appointments for Clients](user_stories/viewing_and_managing_appointments_for_clients.md) (20) (3 Days)
- [Accepting and Managing Bookings for Cleaners](user_stories/accepting_and_managing_bookings_for_cleaners.md) (20) (3 Days)
- [Notifications for Clients](user_stories/notifications_for_clients.md) (20) (1 Days)
- [Notifications for Cleaners](user_stories/notifications_for_cleaners.md) (20) (1 Days)
> [!IMPORTANT]
> We realised towards the end of iteration 2 that we had missed incorporation the users location and address, which were very important. We created a new user story for these with a priority of 10 and estimation of 6 days. We are ahead on Iteration 2 and still have 6 days left so will slot it into the end of iteration 2, replacing recurring bookings. 
- [Address Collection and Location Flitering](user_stories/Address_Collection_and_Location_Filtering.md) (10) (5 Days)
- [Reccuring Bookings](user_stories/recurring_bookings.md) (30) (1 Days) (Moved to future iteration from iteration 2 after velocity adjustments, and an unplanned user story)
- [Service Offerings](user_stories/service_offerings.md) (30) (4 Days) (Moved to future iteration from iteration 2 after velocity adjustments, and an unplanned user story)
- Total: 12 Days
- Total: 16 Days (Following addition of new user story)

#### Updated Velocity Calculation:
- Velocity calculation formula:
- V2 = E1 / A1
- V2 = Velocity for iteration 2
- E1 = Estimated user story days pre-velocity in iteration 1
- A1 = Actual days to complete iteration 1
- V2 = 14 / 19
- V2 = 0.74

>V2: Week / Chapter 3
**Team Velocity:** 0.7 (Recommended velocity using the velocity calculation formula following a completed iteration)
#### User Stories (Adjusted for Velocity)
- [Secure Online Payments](user_stories/secure_online_payments.md) (10) (5 Days) (Moved to iteration 2 from iteration 1 after velocity adjustments)
- [Viewing and Managing Appointments for Clients](user_stories/viewing_and_managing_appointments_for_clients.md) (20) (4 Days)
- [Accepting and Manging Bookings for Cleaners](user_stories/accepting_and_managing_bookings_for_cleaners.md) (20) (4 Days)
- [Notifications for Clients](user_stories/notifications_for_clients.md) (20) (2 Days)
- [Notifications for Cleaners](user_stories/notifications_for_cleaners.md) (20) (2 Days)
> [!IMPORTANT]
> We realised towards the end of iteration 2 that we had missed incorporation the users location and address, which were very important. We created a new user story for these with a priority of 10 and estimation of 6 days. We are ahead on Iteration 2 and still have 6 days left so will slot it into the end of iteration 2, replacing recurring bookings. 
- [Address Collection and Location Flitering](user_stories/Address_Collection_and_Location_Filtering.md) (10) (5 Days)
> [!NOTE]
> The following user stories were initially in iteration 2 and remove when we made adjustments to the iteration for velocity and an unplanned, high priority user story. 
- ~[Reccuring Bookings](user_stories/recurring_bookings.md)~ (30) (1 Days)
- ~[Service Offerings](user_stories/service_offerings.md)~ (30) (4 Days) 
- Total: 17 Days
- Total: 22 Days (Following addition of new user story)

---
