user_stories/accepting_and_managing_bookings_for_cleaners.md, before:

# Accepting and Managing Bookings for Cleaners

## Description  

>   V1: Week / Chapter 1
- As a cleaner, I want to receive and manage service requests, so I can accept jobs that fit my availability and workload. I should be able to see a list of customer bookings, and be able to accept or reject them

## Priority:  
>   V1: Week / Chapter 1 
- 20

## Estimation:  

>   V1: Week / Chapter 1
- 4 days

>   V1: Week / Chapter 3
- Adjusted for Velocity: 6 days (4 / 0.7 = 5.71)

### + Planning Poker  
  
- Luke: 4
- Zane: 4
- Corey: 4
- Dylan: 5
- Caleb: 5

Average: 4 days (4.4)

### + Assumptions  

- Assuming that bookings shouldn't just be automatically accepted when they are made. 

### + Dependencies

- Customers will need to be able to make bookings in order for cleaners to accept or reject them. 

## Tasks  
>   V1: Week / Chapter 3

### + TODO
>   V1: Week / Chapter 4
1.
### + IN PROGRESS 
>   V1: Week / Chapter 4
1. 
### + DONE
>   V1: Week / Chapter 2
1. 


## UI Design  
>   V1: Week / Chapter 2

## Completion Evidence 
> [!WARNING]
> TODO: ADD COMPLETION EVIDENCE WHEN FINISHED

---

Commit message:

Update tasks for accepting and managing bookings

user_stories/accepting_and_managing_bookings_for_cleaners.md, after:

# Accepting and Managing Bookings for Cleaners

## Description  

>   V1: Week / Chapter 1
- As a cleaner, I want to receive and manage service requests, so I can accept jobs that fit my availability and workload. I should be able to see a list of customer bookings, and be able to accept or reject them

## Priority:  
>   V1: Week / Chapter 1 
- 20

## Estimation:  

>   V1: Week / Chapter 1
- 4 days

>   V1: Week / Chapter 3
- Adjusted for Velocity: 6 days (4 / 0.7 = 5.71)

### + Planning Poker  
  
- Luke: 4
- Zane: 4
- Corey: 4
- Dylan: 5
- Caleb: 5

Average: 4 days (4.4)

### + Assumptions  

- Assuming that bookings shouldn't just be automatically accepted when they are made. 

### + Dependencies

- Customers will need to be able to make bookings in order for cleaners to accept or reject them. 

## Tasks  
>   V1: Week / Chapter 3
1. Add interface and database logic to allow cleaners to toggle automatic acceptance of bookings
2. Add a booking summary to the provided dashboard that includes a bookings status
3. Add buttons to accept or reject bookings if automatic acceptance is not toggled on
4. Add a button to cancel a client booking that does not make the slots available again
### + TODO
>   V1: Week / Chapter 4
1.
### + IN PROGRESS 
>   V1: Week / Chapter 4
1. 
### + DONE
>   V1: Week / Chapter 2
1. 


## UI Design  
>   V1: Week / Chapter 2

## Completion Evidence 
> [!WARNING]
> TODO: ADD COMPLETION EVIDENCE WHEN FINISHED

---
