user_stories/display_all_company_listings.md, before:

# Display All Company Listings  

## Description  
>   V1: Week / Chapter 1
- As a customer I want to be able to view the cleaning companies available for booking and their availabilities in an easily digestible format, with more detailed information available on companies as I require it. 

  
## Priority:  
>   V1: Week / Chapter 1 
- 10  

## Estimation:  

>   V1: Week / Chapter 1
- 4 days  

>   V1: Week / Chapter 3
- Adjusted for Velocity: 6 days (4 / 0.7 = 5.71)
  
### + Planning Poker  
  
- Luke: 4
- Zane: 4  
- Corey: 5  
- Dylan: 3
- Caleb: 5

Average: 4 days (4.2)

### + Assumptions  

- Will need to have a working database of cleaning companies to list them 

### + Dependencies

- Cleaner registration needs to be completed so that we can dynamically display company listings. 

## Tasks  
>   V1: Week / Chapter 3

### + TODO: Week 4
>   V1: Week / Chapter 4
1. Add page to display all company listings
2. Create database logic to store companies
### + IN PROGRESS: Week 4
>   V1: Week / Chapter 4
1. Add page to display all company listings
2. Create database logic to store companies
3. Allow companies to set and update their availability for display.
### + DONE
>   V1: Week / Chapter 4
1. Add page to display all company listings (20/02/25)

## UI Design  

>   V1: Week / Chapter 2


[Image](/images/ui_design/Listings_Page_Wireframe.png)
## Completion Evidence 

> TODO: ADD COMPLETION EVIDENCE WHEN FINISHED

---

Commit message:

Update task times for display all company listings

user_stories/display_all_company_listings.md, after:

# Display All Company Listings  

## Description  
>   V1: Week / Chapter 1
- As a customer I want to be able to view the cleaning companies available for booking and their availabilities in an easily digestible format, with more detailed information available on companies as I require it. 

  
## Priority:  
>   V1: Week / Chapter 1 
- 10  

## Estimation:  

>   V1: Week / Chapter 1
- 4 days  

>   V1: Week / Chapter 3
- Adjusted for Velocity: 6 days (4 / 0.7 = 5.71)
  
### + Planning Poker  
  
- Luke: 4
- Zane: 4  
- Corey: 5  
- Dylan: 3
- Caleb: 5

Average: 4 days (4.2)

### + Assumptions  

- Will need to have a working database of cleaning companies to list them 

### + Dependencies

- Cleaner registration needs to be completed so that we can dynamically display company listings. 

## Tasks  
>   V1: Week / Chapter 3

### + TODO: Week 4
>   V1: Week / Chapter 4
1. Add page to display all company listings (1 Days)
2. Create database logic to store companies (2 Days)
3. Allow companies to set and update their availability for display. (3 Days)
### + IN PROGRESS: Week 4
>   V1: Week / Chapter 4
1. Add page to display all company listings
2. Create database logic to store companies
3. Allow companies to set and update their availability for display.
### + DONE
>   V1: Week / Chapter 4
1. Add page to display all company listings (20/02/25)

## UI Design  

>   V1: Week / Chapter 2


[Image](/images/ui_design/Listings_Page_Wireframe.png)
## Completion Evidence 

> TODO: ADD COMPLETION EVIDENCE WHEN FINISHED

---
